Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about the object values method, right?
So in the previous lecture, we talked about the object keys method where it extracted all the keys
from an object.
What about you want to extract all the keys from the object?
We do have an idea, a method for that as well.
All right, so what I'm going to do here is we're going to create a variable and this time we are going
to call it values.
I'm going to call the object.
All right, all right, so it says that provides this object, it provides functionality common to all
JavaScript objects.
What is the functionality that we are looking for?
The functionality that we are looking for is to be able to grab all the values from five colors for
object and print it to the console.
OK, so let's say volunteers save it, and now it again returns an array where it's green, blue and
brown, we can loop or loop through this array as well to grab each of the individual items.
So we're just going to say not far going to say for each and let's remove the array from there.
It says the element.
What is the element?
The element is going to be value.
All right, and we don't need actually curly braces because we were just running one line of code so
we can very well say cancel the log and we just value oops.
It should pass in an either, and now we get green, blue and brown that said, see you guys in the
next lecture.